Leart: thank you for agreeing to take part in this test. We’ll be testing whether the website called ___ so you don’t have to worry about your performance. Just do the task at your own pace. Take a __ as slow as you need. Additionally, this test will be audio recorded. Do I have your permission to do that?

Volunteer: yes
Leart: okay. Knowing that you will be testing a wallpaper website, what are you expecting?

Volunteer: I’m expecting you to have me look up wallpapers and see if I can find wallpapers given a description.. I’m not really sure what’s going on here.
Leart: okay. That’s fine. Okay, this will be task based so I will give you a task and I’ll watch you as you go through it. If you have any questions feel free to ask but think of me as a neutral party in here. So, the first task is: can you go to the latest upload page?

Volunteer: assuming is this thing that says latest on the top, looks like imgur__ but I’m assuming because it says they have been recently uploaded. That means that they’re the latest so.. lots of anime.
Leart: okay, so now I’m going to have you filter some of those. Can you use the website to shoe only images that are safe for work and within 16:9 aspects? 

Volunteer: At the same time or..?
Leart: yes.

Volunteer: I’m assuming that if I hit safe for work and then ratio 16:9, I clicked on it but it didn’t look like anything but if I clicked on this refresh-looking button , that changed it, so.. Jesus Christ. That’s not very safe for work but it’s technically not nude so on my side, hold on, if I change it from. So apparently hitting safe for work toggle doesn’t change it to things that are safe for work. I got now.
Leart: can you sort the images by views and by ascending order at the same time.

Volunteer: I don’t see anything immediately that would let me do that. Upload, comment, search, latest, views.. can’t tell if this is ascending. Oh, ascending would be bottom-up so click on that thing that makes the arrow point upwards and I’m assuming that’s right.
Leart; so now I’m gonna make you log in the website. Can you use your name CS1699

Volunteer: it’s already in that thing and the password is already that one. Log in and welcome back CS1699 so I’m logged in. okay.
Leart: can you find your uploaded pictures now?

Volunteer: okay, I hovered over the name that has an option for uploads and I’m seeing a picture with a boat and I’m assuming that’s ours. Yes. 
Leart: now I’m gonna have you try to upload one of the pictures from the folder that is open on the task bar.

Volunteer; alright, so from here, click on the upload. That doesn’t do anything, so go on the top left corner, select files, should probably check what directory this is in. I don’t know. Am I supposed to figure out what directory this is in?
Leart: no

Volunteer: could I just ask you?
Leart: there’s a drag and drop option.

Volunteer: oh sh*t. Okay, which one do you wanna upload, one or all of them? 
Leart: anyone of them. It’s your choice.

Volunteer: birdie. Open, open, open, upload, okay, done.
Leart: now tag it as you __ it.

Volunteer; bird, I don’t know if it will let me do tag now. Common properties; general, safe for work. Is this source—do anything.
Leart; you can disregard it for now?

Volunteer; complete
Leart: can you go and find the image?
Jowy; Oh oh, it says only one, that’s weird, well it’s in my uploads but it’s kinda weird that it says it still says that I have only one uploaded.
Leart: can you see your tag?

Volunteer: hmm, tags. I do not, but again I’m not sure how long you’re allowed to make tags and just hit the __ button for a while so that might have messed it up.
Leart: okay, that’s fine. The pre-final task will be: can you find the categories for tags.

Volunteer; assuming that if I search maybe.. nope it’s not on the search. You said categories and tags?
Leart: categories of tags.

Volunteer: oh,categories of tags. Check on the main page, that might help. Up,botton, tags, this categories is on the left side. I guess it’s on the bottom of the page which is kind of weird, maybe, I don’t know.
Leart; now I’m going to ask you to log out. 

Volunteer: log out. Stupid hoverbar. Log out. Okay, I’m logged out.
Leart: now that you’ve gone through the web app what do you think of it, what did you find easy, what did you find hard or confusing?

Volunteer: besides the toggle buttons, on the latest page everything is laid out exactly how I wanted it to be. A lot of times when you go on websites it’s kind of difficult to filter it by resolution, kind of __ just dropped down menu. On some websites it just gives you some way of in the corner. Like.. oh if you wanna change the resolution you have to find this thing. That’s nice. And ratio, I’ve never seen that before on the website and that is nice cause I know that that is something a lot of people do search for. Uploads is standard, it’s not really hard, that’s good I guess.
Leart: was there anything confusing or did you find it surprising?

Volunteer: the toggle buttons cause normally when you click on something, like safe for work, it normally reloads the page so that confused me at first but then I’m like “oh, there’s a refresh looking button right here so I’ll just click that” and there’s nude images which was confusing to me and then I’m like there’s a toggle button. I don’t know. That was a confusing thing. Besides that I can’t kof anything that was that confusing.
Leart: what do you think you would like to add as a feature in the future, or do you think that there should be something removed. 

Volunteer: hmm, I don’t really use wallpaper web sites a lot so I’m not really sure what types of things would be nice. More responsive, I can’t view uploads I’m not logged in, but more responsive I guess upload tracking. If you remember before I said that it only says there is only one picture uploaded despite the fact that I had two, kind of weird and confusing. Make that more accurate, I guess. Besides that, everything else seems fine. 
Leart: okay then , thanks again for your time. This will conclude the test. 


